# MEAM-520-Final-Project

Goal 
In this project, we intend to synthesize the concepts we have learned throughout the course of the semester to enable the Franka Panda robot arm to respond to static and dynamic obstacles in a real-world environment. This process will involve writing new code and optimizing pre-existing code to allow for efficient operation of the robot arm while additionally ensuring that our code is robust enough to adapt to hyperparameter changes throughout our testing and competition process. Physically, this will entail facilitating consistent vertical stacking of the static and dynamic blocks despite the variable locations of these objects in 3D space. 

Approach
Some of the techniques we need to consider to achieve the goal of stacking both static and dynamic objects are testing and fine-tuning the position and orientation of the camera attached at the end of the robot arm for gauging the relative position and orientation of the blocks to the robot arm itself. For stacking, understanding the position where the first block was placed and making sure the blocks that come after are placed a certain distance above the first block could be one way of making sure the blocks are properly raised from the ground. Additionally, when using potential fields to direct the robot to the desired goal position, the step size can be made smaller close to the start and goal positions but larger in the middle of the traversal to allow the robot to perform the task quickly. It is also important to note that the relative orientation of the end-effector with a block in its grip to the existing stack should allow for flat placement of the next block to the previous block.

Anticipated Challenges
Aspects of this project that we anticipate to be challenging are finding an efficient strategy to pick up the dynamic blocks on the rotating table without knocking them off and making sure our robot arm can stack the blocks it grabs without colliding with the stack or knocking it over in the process. Also, finding the correct combination of hyperparameters for our planner will require much testing; we plan on combining different potential fields and possibly implementing a variable step size. Ensuring that our robot arm actually grabs a block is also important; if our arm is not in the correct position to grab a block or fails doing so, we need to implement a position reset function to allow for repeated attempts at grabbing blocks.
